README.md, before:

# redis-demo

## Setup
Run `pipenv install` to install the env.
Due to a pipenv issue, you may have to run `pipenv install --dev pre-commit black pylint`, if the development dependencies don't install.      
Run `pipenv run pre-commit install` to initialize the git hooks.  
Run `pipenv run pre-commit run --all-files` if there are file that were committed before adding the git hooks.  

## Environmental Variables
Put your firestore service account JSON into `example.env` where indicated.  
Rename `example.env` to `.env`.

## Dev Tools
Activate the shell with: `pipenv shell`  
Lint with: `pylint app/`  

## Start Redis for Dev
Get redis docker image: `docker pull redis`  
Start redis: `docker run -d -p 6379:6379 redis`  
Find container id: `docker ps`    
Stop redis: `docker kill <container id>`   

## Redis Queue Management
Start the redis queue worker: `rq worker`  
Empty all redis queues: `rq empty --all`

## Flask App
Start the flask app on dev server: `export FLASK_APP=app.main:app && flask run --reload`  
Start the flask app in production server: `gunicorn app.main:app`

Commit message:

Add instruction for launching with docker-compose.

README.md, after:

# redis-demo

## General Instructions

### Environmental Variables
Copy `example.env` to `.env`.  
Put your firestore service account JSON and the name of the bucket you want to use into `.env` where indicated.  

## Dev Instructions
Run `pipenv install --dev` to install the env.  
Run `pipenv run pre-commit install` to initialize the git hooks.  
Run `pipenv run pre-commit run --all-files` if there are file that were committed before adding the git hooks.  
Activate the shell with: `pipenv shell`  
Lint with: `pylint app/`  

## Run the App in Dev

### Start Redis for Dev
Get redis docker image: `docker pull redis`  
Start redis: `docker run -d -p 6379:6379 redis`  
Find container id: `docker ps`    
Stop redis: `docker kill <container id>`   

### Redis Queue Management
Start the redis queue worker: `rq worker`  
Empty all redis queues: `rq empty --all`

### Flask App
Start the flask app on dev server: `export FLASK_APP=app.main:app && flask run --reload`  
Start the flask app in production server: `gunicorn app.main:app`  

## Build and Run the App With Docker
Run `docker build . -t rq-rq-firestore` to build the container.  
Run `docker-compose up` to start the app.  
Run `docker-compose up -d` to start the app in detached mode.  
Run `docker-compose down` to stop the app.
